---
layout: musing
title: "But you can't throw a beanbag like a frisbee..."
description: ""
category: musings
tags: [musings, life]
---

When I was young, my parents would often send my sister and I over to my cousins'
house to play while they did what they had to do to rekindle the spark. The 5 of
us would make up our own games- usually something benign like "time machine".

One day, we got it in our heads to play something "athletic", so we rounded up
all the sports equipment we could find:

- 1 nerf football
- 1 beanbag
- 2 small pillows
- 1 chess board
- 1 racquetball

After some debate, the chessboard was deemed unathletic and removed. We then
promptly came up with a game that involved no athletic skill WHATSOEVER. The 5
of us, each with one of the objects, would crawl around my uncle's cavernous
bedroom in the dark. When the lights came on, WOOOOO!! It was time to peg or be
pegged- typically both. (This bore a striking resemblance to our "time machine"
game.)

Well, after a few rounds of WOOOOO!!, we were all pretty worked up. The
racquetball was proving to be the weapon of choice. Lightweight and firm enough
to hurt like hell, yet soft enough to leave no mark- _very nice_. I had finally
gotten my hands on this veritable WMD during the 4th or 5th round when the
lights came on, and I scanned the room looking for a sucker to paste. My eyes
fell upon my oldest cousin... yes, he'll do nicely... but something was wrong.
My spidey sense tingled like CRAZY- it was like he had been staring at me before
the lights even came on, and the little bastard was grinning madly and frozen in
the perfect "frisbee-release stance".

"But you can't throw a beanbag like a frisbee..." I remember thinking. Confused,
I panned further left to find a whirling chessboard COMING STRAIGHT AT MY LEFT
EAR. Proving that the game was athletic after all, I did what can only be
described as a quadruple sowcow as the chessboard screeeamed past and embedded
itself halfway into the drywall behind me. The next week, my uncle invested in a
Super Nintendo.
